* More chart patterns. I
added 14 new chart
patterns.

* Event patterns. I added 9
new types of patterns,
which I call event
patCIterns. These include
earnings surprises, drug
approvals, store sales, and

stock upgrades and
downgrades

* More samples. I found
over 38,500 chart pattern
samples, more than

double the 15,000 used in
the first edition, making
many of the statisCItics
rock solid.

* Keyed table entries. Each
table entry appears in bold
at the start of its

corresponding text
discussion for easy
locating,

* Glossary and
methodology. Instead of
peppering the text with
repeated

explanations, a new chapter
explains how I arrived at
each table entry

Thanks to the thousands
who purchased the first
edition. I am confident

that this second edition will
help you become a more
knowledgeable and
sucCicessful trader.
THOMAS N. BULKOWSKI

January 2005
